Revised SDL-0266 New vehicle data GearStatus (#915)
smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution: proposals/0266-New-vehicle-data-GearStatus.md

```xml	
<struct name="GearStatus" since="X.x">
	<param name="userSelectedGear" type="PRNDL" mandatory="false">
		<description>Gear position selected by the user i.e. Park, Drive, Reverse</description>
	</param>
	<param name="actualGear" type="PRNDL" mandatory="false">

> 		<description>Tells the actual gear selected by transmission</description>

Reviewer: Based on https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution/issues/881#issuecomment-573838656, this should be
```suggestion
		<description>Actual Gear in use by the transmission</description>
```

Author: Done

```xml	
<struct name="GearStatus">
	<param name="userSelectedGear" type="Common.PRNDL" mandatory="false">
		<description>Gear position selected by the user i.e. Park, Drive, Reverse</description>
	</param>
	<param name="actualGear" type="Common.PRNDL" mandatory="false">

> 		<description>Tells the actual gear selected by transmission</description>

Reviewer: Based on https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution/issues/881#issuecomment-573838656, this should be
```suggestion
		<description>Actual Gear in use by the transmission</description>
```

Author: Done
